[intriguing music]
[lion roars]
[paper scrunching]
[blows thudding]
[tires screeching]
[crate thuds]
[neon lights humming]
[intriguing synth music playing]
[woman]
Inside every ballerina's heart,
is the blood of a warrior.
They turn pain into beauty...
♪ Rhythm ♪
[woman]
...chaos into precision...
♪ Rhythm ♪
♪ You can feel it, you can feel
it ♪
[woman]
...their bodies into art.
♪ Rhythm ♪
[woman]
Sweat, blood, sacrifice...
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ Rhythm ♪
[woman] But not everyone
achieves their dream.
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ You can feel it everywhere ♪
♪ Lift your hands and voices ♪
♪ Free your mind and join us ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Oh-Oh ♪
- [Princess] Miss Thorna,
the showcase is in two days.
If Bones doesn't take rehearsals
seriously,
I should dance her part.
- [Miss Thorna] Her bus
was late. She'll be here.
- She's late 'cause her broke
ass can't afford a clock.
- [Bones] Hm, sorry, my limo was
late, Princess.
- Ah.
- Are we gonna dance or what?
- Okay.
- Five, six, seven, eight.
And one, two, three, four,
[bright classical music]
five, six, and four more, eight.
And one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Stop.
Right. Back to the soutenus,
quickly.
What happened?
Come on, Grace.
Usual bullshit.
Earth to Grace.
Quickly, come on.
Five, six, seven, eight,
[bright classical music]
and one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight,
five, six, seven, eight.
Remember you're on a flight
to Budapest tomorrow.
So dance like your lives depend
on it.
Solo.
[Bones breathing deliberately]
Stop.
Come on.
Princess, wait your turn.
Right, and Chloe, you need
to trust your sister, right?
She will cue you in.
Seven, eight, and one
two, three, four, five
That's beautiful, Chloe.
Remember teamwork. Everyone,
teamwork.
And one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight,
and one, two, three, four,
[music builds]
[music stops]
[Bones breathes heavily]
Time, ladies.
[dancers panting heavily]
Alright.
- Hey, don't you know
how to fucking count?
I'm talking to you. You
turned in sickle, bitch.
[Princess gasps]
- Bones!
If you want the solo, it's
yours.
I quit.
- [Princess] Miss
Thorna, did you see that?
About time someone smacked that
bitch
[door clicks open]
[music bleeds out]
[siren wails nearby]
- You shouldn't have hit her.
- It was an accident.
Her face slipped into my fist.
- Well, her mother is sponsoring
you so you could compete.
So, you know, maybe you show
a little bit of gratitude
before you try and break her
nose.
You know, what you've got to
understand is
the Budapest Showcase
could change your life.
- Ballet is a rich bitch sport.
I keep telling you,
I don't belong.
["Gonna Make You Sweat:
Everybody Dance Now"]
♪ Everybody dance now ♪
[jet engines whining]
[tire screeches]
[bus engine revs]
♪ Give me the music ♪
♪ Everybody dance now ♪
[bell chimes]
- Mom, I'm sure you're sleeping,
but we did land after being
rerouted.
They put me on a bus, so like
pray for me.
[bus chugging and rattling]
♪ Everybody dance now ♪
- [Princess] Can anyone smell
smoke?
[engine stops]
[hydraulics hiss]
- [Miss Thorna] It's all been a
bit of a nightmare.
Our flight got diverted and
the airport lost our luggage
and another bus is broken down.
So, but no, I assure you my
dancers
will be on that stage tomorrow.
[tool clatters]
[driver mutters]
But we are very much on route.
Oh, no, no, no, no. Don't,
don't alter the program.
No, no need, um...
No, my dancers will definitely
be at the showcase.
- Miss Thorna, the next town
is only two kilometers away.
But my guidebook is saying-
- What did they say?
- Well the artistic director
is very understanding
of our situation.
But...
- They're looking into
alternates.
- Yeah, I'm afraid they are.
Girls, grab your ballet bags.
Come on.
If we stay on this bus, we'll
never make the showcase.
Right. Yes.
[bird calls]
All right?
- [Grace] Oh my God.
There's just like so much
nature.
[portentous music]
May the wolves have
mercy on you
[thunder rumbles]
[raindrops spatter]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pouring]
- [Miss Thorna] Come on, girls.
Speed up.
- [Princess] [sneezes] We should
have stayed on the bus.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna sue
if I catch pneumonia.
- First she hates the bus,
now she wants the bus.
Are you ever happy?
- Not when I'm around you.
- Wait, you guys, I think
there might be a hotel here.
- [Miss Thorna] Oh, thank God.
Come on.
[portentous whistling music]
[thunder rumbles]
Does anyone have any service?
- I have two bars.
- I just think we might be in a
dead zone.
[thunder rumbles]
- [Miss Thorna] Oh, hi.
Hi. Hello, hi.
Could we use your phone?
Our bus has broken down
and we're stranded-
We're trying to...
- Yuri.
Let them pass
I beg pardon. My brother
is mute, he gets confused.
- I get it, my sister's deaf
so I have to interpret
everything.
Fucking bullshit
- My name is Osip. How
can I be of service?
- We need a cab. Do you
think you can manage?
- But of course.
Such beautiful creatures
should not be out in the cold.
Come, come.
[uneasy music]
What brings you here?
- We're ballerinas.
- No way. This is my kind of
place.
[bright piano music
reverberates]
- [Princess] This is too weird.
- [Grace] Miss Thorna.
- Huh?
Miss Thorna, this is against my
decency.
There's people gambling. I can't
be here. I can't be here.
- Oh, cover your eyes.
I'm getting a drink.
[Grace gasps]
[patrons clapping]
[singer croons in Hungarian]
Take a picture of me
Zoe stop acting like a child
...but this place is awesome
- [Osip] Ah, that's uh,
that's actually my boss.
She was really something back in
the day.
They said she was the next
Fonteyn,
but there was an accident.
She never danced again.
[woman exhales smoke]
- What is this place?
Like a Nutcracker bar?
- This is my boss's pride and
joy.
- We don't want to be rude,
but we're actually pressed for
time.
- I know.
- We need to get to Budapest.
My girls are dancing there
tomorrow.
What the hell!
- [Miss Thorna] Oh...
They're wet!
- Um, this is uh, this is Sona.
She is the most kind.
She says that you can use
the dryer while you wait.
- [Miss Thorna] Oh, that's
very kind but we don't...
- No, no, no, we insist. We
insist.
Ballerinas deserve the
very best at Teremok Inn.
- Do you have dry clothes?
[piano plays bright classical
music]
- [Osip] In tutus, you look like
a flock of little white birds.
This is so humiliating.
- Eat one.
- Oh, thanks. I'm starved.
- Careful, don't get food on
your clothes.
- Not a problem because I
will not be eating here.
- [Princess] You know that
food is filled with Ebola.
- Meat soup, ew.
- It's fine.
- E coli.
It would be full of E coli.
- Whatever. You've just like
never traveled.
- Girls, please.
- They do not get along. I
mean, how do you dance together?
- God teaches us about love by
giving us
difficult people to work with.
Ballerinas at Teremok...
Yes, yes. There you are.
- [All] Hello.
- Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Devora Kasimer.
Owner of Teremok Inn.
Osip mentioned that
you have big show, yeah?
- Yeah, we're performing
at
the International Ballet Gala in
Budapest.
And, not to brag, but
it's kind of a big deal.
Only the world's best dancers
get invited.
- I know. I used to be a dancer.
You want me to call you a
minivan to take you to the city?
She owns this... She is a dancer
- Yes, yes. Thank you. Thank you
so much.
- My pleasure.
Sona. [speaks Hungarian]
[ominous music]
- Pasha! Please pass on
my respect to your father.
- Yeah, sure thing, Grand-pop.
Zolly, what up?
- Make sure it gets
to your father.
We appreciate discretion, Pasha.
[hearing aid signal crackling]
[muffled indistinct voices]
What's wrong?
Static...
...I think it got wet
I gotta pee
- My sister has to use the
bathroom.
- Just come with me, sweetheart.
[ear pressure rumbling]
- Ah, well, there's no
need for that, thank you.
I'll, I'll take her.
Thank you.
- Bathroom is up those stairs.
[ominous music]
- Um.... Right, this way.
[velvet scuffs smoothly]
[piano plays "Dance of the Sugar
Plum Fairy"]
- Guys.
I think he wants us to dance.
He's, he's playing Sugar Plum.
Like, we could practice our
variation.
- I could use some practice.
- Okay, let's go. We're going.
Come on. Come on.
[Zoe and Grace giggling]
[piano continues playing
faintly]
[muffled shout]
[encouraging whoops]
- Bravo.
- Come on, Bones.
[muffled ear pressure]
[hearing aid whines and
crackles]
[distant muffled groans]
[pained groans grow louder]
[pained grunt]
- Don't get blood on my desk.
- [Saber] Sorry, Mama.
- Myshinaya Koroleva, please!
You are...
You are a reasonable woman.
[man sobs]
- I am.
Next time I take your tongue.
[man groans]
[Miss Thorna gasps]
[uneasy suspenseful music]
[man screaming]
[intense music]
[piano plays "Dance of
the Sugar Plum Fairy"]
[patrons chattering]
[chattering grows louder]
- Opa!
[people exclaiming and laughing]
[dancers gasping]
- If you want the solo,
you can have the solo.
- Okay.
- [Zoe] Watch it, Princess!
- Hey there, little birdie, you
party with us tonight, yeah?
- Oh no, no thank you.
[Miss Thorna gasps]
- Let's be romantic. You're my
type.
- Sir!
- Hey!
- Get off of me!
- You like to play rough, hmm?
Hmm?
Let's play rough.
- Damn, that's how it's done.
- Girls, get your things. We
need to get out of here.
[gun bangs]
[people screaming]
[person sobbing]
- You see what happens when you
disrespect a man like me, hmm?
Do any of you wanna test me?
This is Markovic territory.
You wanna deal with my father,
hmm?
[Bones sobbing]
You maybe have something to say,
huh?
- [Zoe] Sorry, no, please don't
hurt me.
- [Osip] Hey, hey, Pasha.
Just relax.
Hey, have a drink.
[door clank]
[dramatic sting]
Pasha, come on, come on.
Relax.
- [Devora] What is this
nonsense?
- Myshinaya Koroleva.
You killed a woman in my bar.
[dancers sobbing]
Calm down.
Everything will be all right.
- Okay, he shot-he shot her.
[gasping] He shot-he shot
her in the fucking face!
Call the police.
- Yeah, go and try it.
Call the police!
- Hey!
- Bones, Bones, [clapping]
Bones!
Please, call police. Police,
please!
- Ladies, ladies!
[Grace sobbing]
I will call the police.
Osip, show them the safe room,
hmm?
Basement. Now
Everything will be okay.
I promise.
[Bones cries out]
[dramatic music]
[Bones gasping]
- [Saber] Hey!
Come here!
[Bones gasping]
[exciting dramatic music]
[music stops]
[dramatic music resumes]
[intense music]
- Enough madness.
Follow Osip. He'll take care of
you.
[Grace cries]
I'll separate them.
And keep them quiet.
- Come on.
Follow me.
Everything will be all right.
This way.
[contemplative music]
[girls sobbing]
- Hey, shortie.
Are you lost?
I'm deaf.
What? Wait, you don't hear?
You like tattoos?
You are pretty, like...
[Chloe whispers] You are cute.
- Okay.
- [Osip] The gun just
went off by itself.
- [Princess] No, no, do
not gaslight me, okay?
He shot Miss Thorna right in
front of us-
Like, you are calling the
cops, right?
- My boss is calling them
right now, right now.
- Okay.
- She handles everything, okay?
This is a tragedy, yes?
[Grace gasping for breath]
- Lord, Lord, I can't breathe!
I can't breathe, I can't
breathe!
- Okay, like do something.
[Grace wheezing]
- Hey, you eat this,
you'll feel good in
no time. Okay?
[worried music]
[Grace whimpering]
[ominous music]
- [Devora] What a mess
you've made of my bar.
Get that Brit off my
floor, and move quickly.
- Yeah, do as she says.
- We should have a little chat.
[body sliding]
- Can we get more blood on the
floor?
Sona, grab the mop.
Come.
[banging on door]
[banging on the door]
[latch clanks]
[door creaks]
- Caught me a ballerina.
Hmm.
[Pasha exhaling]
- What's the big deal?
You say this crazy drunk
lady got in my face
when my gun went off.
Whoops, it's not my fault.
- The ballerinas will claim
otherwise.
- Well, if they won't
cooperate, then do what you do.
Take their tongues or slit their
throat.
We can be done with this.
- Sit down. You're making me
dizzy with all your pacing.
We cannot be impulsive.
The disappearance of six
Americans will not go unnoticed.
We must make sure to
have all the information
and be strategic.
But don't worry,
I will take care of you.
[scoffing and laughing]
- You take care of me?
Am I hearing this right?
- Yes.
But it'll come with a price.
- Watch yourself.
I am the son of Lothar the
Butcher.
Devora, there is no chance of
mercy
when you cross my family.
Do not make me summon my father.
- I would like to meet him.
He has declined my invitations
many times.
- My father is a busy man.
He doesn't have time to
drive out to the "boonies",
but one call, and he will make
the trip to make you hurt.
- Hmm.
For many years I paid
for father money.
A debt I inherited from
my own dear Papa.
But those payments stop today.
Tell your father if he
wants his money,
he can pay me a visit.
My envelope, please.
[rope creaking]
- [Grace] No, there
was no one on the road.
- [Sona] Does your family or
friends
know where you broke down?
- No. No.
- What about the theater?
- No.
- Hey, Grace.
[Grace shrieks]
- Bonesy-Jonesy.
You're back.
Bonnie, this is...
Who are you?
- I am not important.
Tell me-
- Grace, don't tell this bitch
anything.
- That girl is very rude.
- She just hates me
because I keep telling
her she might go to hell.
- [Sona] Forget her.
You and I can be best friends.
- Fun!
We could eat pineapple pizza!
- What did you people do to
Grace?
- Quiet!
Grace.
- Hmm?
- Be my friend.
- Mmm.
- Tell me who knows you come to
Teremok Inn.
- Everybody knows.
My dad, her parents, the
entire ballet company knows.
Okay? They're gonna come looking
for us.
- Bonnie, how can I save
your soul if you lie?
No one's coming.
- Grace, you fucking idiot.
Let me see Devora.
Help us.
Please.
- [Sona] I would, but disobey
Devora,
she take your tongue.
[menacing music]
[footsteps fading]
[door clanking]
[eerie music]
[rotary phone dial clicking]
- Doktor, I have a vermin
problem.
[patrons chattering]
- Pasha.
What did Devora want?
- Nothing.
Let's get out of this rat hole.
- Pasha, give me the envelope.
The money.
- I gave it back to Devora.
- What?
We can't return empty-handed.
Your father is going to kill us,
Pasha.
- Shut the fuck up.
- [Sona] Jesus girl, she spill
everything.
But the runaway could be
trouble.
She is not like the others.
- [Devora] The only problem
these dancers are for me
is if anyone knows they're here.
- No one knows, Myshinaya
Koroleva.
- Good, then Doktor can do his
job.
Osip, gather the dancers'
stuff and have Yuri burn it.
[Artyom sighs]
- Hello, Mama.
What are you doing you little
rascal?
- No need for Hungarian.
Bitch doesn't hear or speak.
- Come.
Come with me, sweetheart.
These boys...
[Sona hisses]
[Osip chuckling]
[brain squelching]
How is my big boy so sensitive?
- Sorry, Mama.
- It's not your fault.
I was too gentle with you.
[brain squelches]
Bingo.
[dramatic music]
[music crescendos]
[Bones gasping]
[shoulder popping]
- You stupid piece of shit.
- Why are you mad at me?
I love you.
- What's wrong with you?
- Osip gave me pocket chocolate.
I feel really weird, but
I also feel warm inside.
- You're high.
- High?
I can't be high! I can't be
high!
I can't be high!
What about the showcase?
I feel sick!
- Good, get whatever they
gave you outta your system.
Come on!
- I can't! I need help!
I can't, Bonnie.
Help.
- What kinda ballerina doesn't
know
how to make themselves throw up?
[Grace retching and coughing]
- Goulash.
[Bones scoffing]
[gate clanking]
[key jangling]
- [Sona] Osip, bring up some
palinka.
- No problem.
Be there in a minute.
[gates creak and clank]
[Osip inhales]
[ominous music]
[latch clicking]
- Shit!
He's coming.
Pretend to be asleep.
[Grace whimpering]
[eerie music]
[door clanking]
- [Osip] Grace.
[door crashes shut]
[key turns in lock]
Grace.
You ready for more fun?
[Osip slips on vomit]
Oh, you're, you're sick.
Hey, hey, it's all right.
It's okay.
You know, you look like a little
swan.
I never, I never told nobody
about it, but [inhaling]
I kinda got a thing for birds.
I think it's, it's the necks
that I like.
So soft.
[Grace gasping]
- The Lord rebuke you, Satan!
Satan!
- [voice distorted] Oh
shit, you have bad trip.
It's okay.
[Grace whimpering]
[nutcrackers creaking]
- Run!
[distorted voices echo]
- Jesus, Jesus, I want out!
I want out!
- You can pray all you want.
You're not going anywhere,
ballerina.
- Hey!
[both screaming]
[Grace screaming]
[both grunting]
[Osip screaming]
[dramatic music]
[all grunting and screaming]
[Bones screaming]
[Princess and Zoe screaming]
[both screaming]
[Bones screaming]
[Princess exclaiming]
[dancers crying]
- Your dancing days are over,
ballerina.
- No, no!
[sinister music]
[arm clanks]
[Grace screaming]
[Princess and Zoe scream]
[Artyom sings in Hungarian]
[patrons clapping]
[Artyom continues singing in
Hungarian]
[patrons continue clapping]
- Give me a tray of shots, will
you?
- Oh, are we celebrating?
- No. It's tragic.
Between the five ballerinas,
there is almost 100 years of
training,
dedication, pain, passion, and
discipline,
all to be extinguished by
the folly of one idiot.
So no, I'm not celebrating.
I'm grieving.
May their sacrifices not be in
vain.
- Here you are.
[Devora and patrons
applauding and cheering]
- Excellent. Bravo.
Keep it flowing.
I want Pasha and his boys well
oiled.
[intense mysterious music]
Drink up, little mice.
- [Princess] What's wrong with
her?
She's acting weirder than usual.
- [Bones] This fuck drugged her.
- [Zoe] We have to get out of
here.
- No, really?
Why couldn't you have just
waited for the authorities
to come and do their job?
Why did you have to cause
trouble?
- Miss Thorna is dead.
If the cops are coming,
they'd be here by now.
I know this is hard for you to
understand
because all your life help
has been one phone call away,
[Princess scoffs]
but we're on our own.
No one is coming to save us.
- You're wrong.
- We're a bunch of foreigners
on the other side of the world.
The cheapest, most efficient way
to deal with this situation is
to kill us.
- [Zoe] We have to get out of
here.
- Stop saying we have to get out
of here.
We know if we stay, we're gonna
die,
so saying "We have to get out of
here"
over and over again does
nothing.
We need to stop talking
and start doing because,
we have to get out of here.
[tense music]
- Don't fret. I'll be back soon.
- You want the cobra?
- Mmm-hmm.
- What, do you want the cobra?
- Yes!
- Give it!
- I got you!
Take the cobra.
Yeah, Pasha.
[all laughing]
- Evening, comrades.
Pasha, perhaps one day
you'll be housebroken.
- Artyom, what is that cretin
doing here?
- Devora.
- [giggles] Doktor.
- Mon amour.
You removed the bullet?
- Of course.
- Nice.
I take teeth, eyes, fingertips,
then do the same for ballerinas.
No one will be able to identify
them.
[knuckles crack]
Lovely.
She's never going to give me
that tape.
Now she's bringing in this
cretin Doktor
so she can say to my Papa,
"I handled it, not Pasha."
I want you to kill the
ballerinas.
[tense music]
- Your father will be proud.
- I know.
[door creaks]
[tense music]
- Come on!
This way.
[whispers] Stay. Stay.
[tense music]
Come on, we can
sneak out this way.
- The devil will throw you into
prison.
You will be tested, but do not
be afraid.
Revelation, chapter two:
verse ten.
- Shh!
[Grace gasps]
Keep your verse down!
- Fuck!
Guys, we might be able
to go through the walls.
[wall sloshes]
[ballerinas lightly gasp]
[lock clinks]
[men laughing]
- Get back. Go, go, go!
[tense music]
- [chuckles] The cobra is coming
for you.
[tense music continues]
[Fadey pants]
Hey, you too drunk?
- [snorts] No such thing.
[tense music continues]
- Find them.
- Okay.
[tense music fades]
[door thuds]
- [gasps] Shh!
[serious string music]
There's two of them.
- I don't wanna die.
- I think we can take them.
- "Take them." Are you nuts?
- No, seriously. I am not
strong enough.
- Bullshit. I've seen you dance.
People assume we're these
delicate,
fragile little things, but we're
not.
We perform sick, hurt,
and on bleeding feet
all while keeping a smile on our
face,
so don't tell me you're not
strong, okay?
[ominous music]
- You guys, you guys!
Our ballet bags.
[zipper echo rings]
[ominous music continues]
- Vlad? Vlad.
Osip is dead.
This is bad for Pasha.
[Vlad exhales]
- They are here.
Yeah.
[ballerinas lightly gasp]
- [Fadey] Girls, we know you're
in there!
Get out!
- He's got a gun.
- This is your last
chance!
- Fuck off!
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[ballerinas grunt]
[door thudding]
[bones crack]
[Fadey yelps and grunts]
[scissors ring]
[ballerinas grunt]
[scissors pierce]
[Fadey yells]
[door slams]
[ballerinas shrieking]
[Fadey crying]
[Vlad yells]
[door booming]
[ballerinas gasping]
[Vlad yells]
[door thuds and opens]
[ballerinas grunt and scream]
[scissors pierce]
[Vlad yells]
[ballerinas and Vlad grunting]
[ballerina growls]
[Vlad yells]
[ballerina shrieks]
[Vlad grunting]
[ballerina cries]
[scissors pierce]
[Vlad groans]
[everyone groaning]
[Fadey mumbling]
[skin tears]
- Ow! Fuck!
[Princess and Fadey grunt]
[Princess yelps]
[Vlad grunting]
[Vlad groans]
[ballerina shrieks]
[ballerinas groan and gasp]
[fingers crack]
[Princess yelping]
- [Princess] Zoe! Zoe, help me!
Shoot him! Shoot him, Zoe!
[ballerinas shriek]
[bullets clanging]
[Fadey gasps]
[Fadey screams]
- Okay, the gun ran out!
The gun ran out!
[Fadey yells in foreign
language]
- I'm sorry!
- Don't apologize to him.
- We're fucked. We are so
fucked!
- Give me a blade.
[tense music]
- Your go.
- Kill them.
[Fadey and Vlad grunt]
- No, no.
Okay.
- Come on.
These guys are drunk and out of
shape
and we're prima fucking
ballerinas.
[tense music crescendos]
[Fadey yells]
[Fadey yelps]
[Vlad grunting]
[Vlad yelping]
[Fadey grunting]
[ballerinas shriek and grunt]
[tense music continues]
[Princess yells]
[Fadey yelps]
- Oh!
[Bones grunts]
[Vlad yelping and grunting]
[Bones yelps]
[dramatic music]
[Vlad yelps]
[Bones groaning]
[hopeful music]
[Princess panting]
- No! [shrieks]
[Princess thuds and yelps]
No! No!
No! Ah!
[Vlad yelps]
[Vlad grunts]
No, you don't!
[Vlad thudding]
[Vlad yelps]
[Bones gasps]
[tense music]
[Grace shrieks]
[Fadey grunts]
[Grace thuds and yelps]
[Vlad and Bones grunting]
[Vlad grunts]
[Bones grunts]
[tense music swells]
[Fadey grunts]
[Zoe shrieking]
[tense music softens]
[Grace screams]
[tense music swells]
[Fadey thuds and yelps]
[Grace continues screaming]
[blade rings]
[Grace violently shrieks]
[Fadey yelps]
[tense music crescendos]
[tense music settles]
[bright music]
- Holy fucking shit. [panting]
That toe blade is sick.
- Happy accident.
- I must have one.
- So there's no going out that
way.
- [Devora] Another round of
drinks.
[patrons cheering]
- Do you hear that?
- What?
- How can she be having a good
time after what happened?
They killed Miss Thorna.
- Okay, Bones, you have to
focus.
We have to find a back door.
- Why would a back door go
upstairs?
- Why would we go upstairs?
God, there's gotta be like a
fire exit or something.
- Because Chloe went up
there to go to the bathroom.
Were you just gonna leave her?
Oh my God, you guys forgot about
Chloe?
- Okay, okay, we'll come back
and get her once we get help.
- No, that might be too late!
She's all alone. Her
hearing aid is broken.
I told my dad I'd look out for
her.
- Boy, you're just doing
like an A+ job, aren't you?
- Shut up, Princess.
Why do you have to be
so selfish all the time?
- I can't leave my sister.
- Nobody is leaving anybody!
- Speak for yourself.
I'm out of here. Grace, let's
go.
Fine! Whatever.
You all suck.
Enjoy getting killed.
- Come on.
[soft eerie music]
- These stairs go up, but
if you're up, they go down.
Hmm.
- That's the first time in my
life
I'm actually jealous of you.
- Thou shall not covet
thy neighbor's buzz.
[eerie music continues]
[ballerinas panting]
- Guys, Chloe could still be in
here.
- What are you doing?
Go back downstairs
before you cause problem.
- Make us.
Be cool. We talk this over,
yeah?
- Where is my sister?
- The deaf one? She's
down the hall chilling.
Now, excuse me.
- I would, but I'm kind
of a vindictive shit.
[serious music]
[Vlad gasping]
- What happened?
[blood sloshes]
- [weakly] Ballerinas.
[serious music continues]
[Princess gasping and panting]
[men distantly chattering]
[lock clicks]
[men continue chattering]
[Princess panting]
[blade rings]
[intense music]
[Doktor humming]
[Princess gasps]
[bones snapping]
[eerie music]
[Doktor continues humming]
[eerie music swells]
- [Saber] Hey.
[eerie music ends]
- Finally!
I have been looking all
over to talk to someone
about the wifi.
- What?
- Like, your service
is seriously inexcusable.
Like, hello, I would've fixed
that like yesterday.
You know, I'm watching this
reality television show.
It's like a dating show, but
I'm watching it ironically,
but secretly, I love it, and
I'm three episodes behind.
- What are you talking about?
- Do you think that you could
find
true love on a dating show?
Because one time, I went to this
dive bar
that rich people go to
for like street cred
and I met this healer and,
well, she told me that I
have a heart condition.
- Oh.
- I know.
She said that I have a block in
my heart
when it comes to love.
So I just don't have
the emotional capacity
to like talk about it right now,
so like I'll just go back
downstairs
and you deal with the wifi.
Okay?
Thank you.
[Princess gasping]
[Princess sobs]
[movie blares]
[popcorn crunches]
[movie continues blaring]
[doors rattle and creak]
[woman screams in movie]
- [Zoe] Chloe, thank God!
Thank God.
- Holy shit.
- Wow.
- [Bones] She's certifiable.
You're alright?
Yeah why wouldn't I be?
What did you do to your
costumes?
Is that blood?
- Is that a hickey?
Zoe. Shut up!
Stop it!
- [Bones] Bingo.
- Mind your own business.
Put it back.
Chloe.
- We have to go.
Can we wait?
A cute boy said he would give me
a tattoo.
Um, she's waiting for a
boy to give her a tattoo.
What should I do?
- Don't look at us. She's your
sister.
[ballerinas grunting]
- I hear someone. Run!
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
[footsteps tapping]
- Be quiet.
[suspenseful music continues]
[metal clunks]
- Oh, it's you.
Thought you left.
- Be nice, she's crying.
- No, I'm not.
I have allergies and this
place is full of mold.
- Here, this will sober you up.
[whipped cream hisses]
You didn't get very far going
solo.
- I felt bad for you
losers so I came back.
- Hmm. Yeah, right.
Bet you froze, and you've just
been hiding
in here the whole time.
- Actually, I saw what they were
doing
to Miss Thorna's body.
They're chopping off her
fingertips
and gouging out her eyes.
[whipped cream hisses]
- [Zoe] Oh, my God.
What happened to Miss Thorna?
Miss Thorna's dead.
That's not funny.
Why would you say that?
- Will you listen to me for
once?
[upbeat piano music]
- Gentlemen,
I have provided safe haven
for you and your frivolities.
Now I ask a favor.
There are four
[ominous music]
naughty little girls missing in
the house.
Hunt them, find them,
and silence them.
[footsteps and chattering]
- You're too late.
My boys have taken care of it.
- Your boys are all dead.
Your father is miles away,
and you are all alone now.
Little mouse.
- Hey, I stole that.
- My daddy's country club
has a shooting range.
I know how to use a gun.
- I'm so sorry.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Okay then.
- [Grace] What's this?
[mysterious music]
- Holy shit. You found us a
phone.
- Oh, my God! I'm gonna call the
police.
Move! I'll get us out of here
ASAP.
[sighs] Does anyone know how
to use this caveman bullshit?
- Turn the wheel with your
finger and dial, dumbass.
- Oh, okay. Yeah.
Oh.
This is a very ineffective
way to make a phone call.
It's taking a hundred years.
[line ringing]
- Papa, no. Not drunk much.
[mysterious music]
No, Vlad cannot take me home.
He's dead.
Yes. And Fadey too.
I'm at Teremok.
Yes. I understand.
Thank you, Papa.
Thank you. Thank you.
Devora!
My father is on his way here.
- You lie.
Lothar Markovic wouldn't be
caught dead
in the Teremok Inn.
- He is. And he is most
displeased.
You should not have messed with
me.
Now you have to answer him.
- I guess I should get ready.
[ominous music]
[intense music builds]
[gun fires]
[suspenseful music]
[device clicks and beeps]
- Go that way. You're going up
the stairs.
Find them!
[pounding on door]
[muffled groans]
Anyone messes with you...
...kick 'em in the balls.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
[suspenseful music]
- Guys, hide, hide!
[whistling music]
[mutters in Hungarian]
[Female recorded voice speaks
Chinese]
[Princess sniffles]
[gentle music]
[bowl thuds]
[gentle music continues]
- You want police?
- Send help!
We're at Teremok Inn.
[switch clicks]
Hello?
Hello, we need help!
[Princess squeals]
[Princess grunts]
- [growls] Stop it.
[Princess gasps]
[Saber groans]
[dramatic music]
[Princess grunts]
- Chloe!
[ballerinas clamoring]
- [henchmen] There! There!
There!
- There's more! There's more!
[henchmen clamoring]
[ballerinas gasping]
[performers talking
indistinctly]
- [Grace] Why the fuck are we
back here?
[ballerinas clamoring]
- Okay. Hey, hey, hey.
My friends and I, we
just wanna leave. Okay?
No one has to get hurt.
Guys, the door, the door.
Go, go, go, go!
[dramatic music]
If we want to survive, we have
to do this as a team.
[dramatic music]
The only way out is together.
First positions. Six, seven,
eight.
["The Nutcracker"]
[Bones grunts]
[man grunts]
[ballerinas grunting]
["The Nutcracker" continues]
[man grunts]
[ballerinas growl]
- [Bones] Bourree!
["The Nutcracker" continues]
[man growls]
[fighters clamoring]
[man grunts and thuds]
- Ah!
[man screams]
[ballerinas shouting]
[men grunting]
["The Nutcracker" continues]
[ballerinas shout]
[man grunting]
[Princess shouts]
[fist thuds]
[ballerina shouts]
[man grunts]
- Duet?
- Fuck, yeah.
[Princess whooshes]
[man thuds and grunts]
Together!
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
- Peel off!
[man shouts]
[grunts]
[man grunts]
[man grunts and thuds]
[man shouts]
- Ow!
[man gasps]
[ballerina grunts]
[man grunts and thuds]
[man grunts]
[Princess grunts]
[Princess shouts]
[man grunts]
[Princess grunts]
[man shouts]
[Chloe panting and thuds]
- [Zoe] [shouts] Chloe!
[fighters clamoring]
[Chloe grunts]
[man shouts]
[man grunts and shouts]
[Chloe grunting]
[Zoe gasping]
[Artyom grunts]
[Chloe panting]
["The Nutcracker" continues]
You're not cute anymore.
- Fuck! [gasp]
Fuck! [gasp]
- Gun! Chloe!
[gun clicks]
[ballerinas shout]
[muffled sounds]
[Zoe gasps]
[gun firing]
[device beeping]
[men groaning]
[ballerinas panting]
- [Princess] Okay.
- Quick! Right there.
We can go out that window.
Come on!
[intense music]
- Shit for brain. Give me the
gun!
Quick! Gun!
- Oh.
[ballerinas clamoring]
- Go, go, go!
Go, Grace, go! Come on.
[Saber grunts]
[Princess grunting]
- Hello again.
[Princess grunts]
[panting]
[gun fires]
[Princess grunts]
- We got it!
- Just go, okay?
I'm right behind you. Go!
[panting]
- I'll wait for you.
[footsteps tapping]
[ominous music]
- Impressive.
Brava, my girl.
[gun clicks]
[gun clicking]
Your gun is dry. You have no
moves left.
[Bones growls]
[Bones panting]
Did I not mention?
Fake leg.
- Ha!
Now that's what's up.
[Bones grunts]
- You know I have your
father to thank for this leg.
- What? Papa?
[gun fires]
[Pasha shouts]
[Pasha groans]
- Shh. It is done.
I cannot have you running
back to your father
the minute he arrives.
You see, I crave his audience.
[Pasha groans]
- [Pasha] You are crazy, Devora!
My father will kill you!
[ominous music continues]
[ballerinas panting]
- [Princess] Holy crap.
Come on, Bones. Where are you?
- [Grace] I think I cut myself
on glass.
- [Zoe] How could you leave her?
- [Princess] I... She was right
behind me.
- [Zoe] Come on.
- [Grace] [grunts] Oh.
- [Zoe] What are
we gonna do about Bones?
- [Princess] Okay, relax.
You guys
hide and I'll save her ass.
- [Devora] Your friends have
left you for dead.
There's no one here to hold your
hand.
You know, I went to my
first audition on my own.
I was eight.
Like you, I would not let fear
stop me.
- [muffled] We are not alike.
- My debut role was to
be the Sugar Plum Fairy.
But did I dance it?
No.
My papa, he racked up
debt with the wrong man.
He figured at worst he'd kill
him, but...
He was crueler than my
papa had anticipated.
When Papa couldn't pay,
Markovic,
he didn't take Papa's leg.
He took mine.
I would never dance again.
I kept Lothar's son close,
hoping one day my opportunity
would come.
[dramatic music]
[Devora] One last dance.
[bus driver snoring]
[vehicles roaring]
[bus driver gasps]
[dramatic music continues]
[Devora gasps]
[Bones grunting]
[device beeping]
[light suspenseful music]
[Doktor speaking French]
- It means,
[Bones yelling]
your struggle looks ridiculous.
You look like angry little goat.
[Bones grunting]
[Bones sobbing]
- Please stop, stop!
Stay away from me!
- Right.
[Bones grunting]
- No!
- Let me make you more
comfortable.
- Stay away from me!
No!
[Bones grunting]
Let go, let go, let go!
[Bones panting]
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
[light suspenseful music
continues]
No, no, no, no!
[Bones laughing]
Are you kidding me?
My toenails break all the time.
And you know what I do?
I peel them off,
I put a smile on my face and I
dance,
because I'm a
balle-fucking-rina!
[dramatic music]
- Bones?
[light dramatic music]
Oh my God!
Bones, it's me, I'm here, I'm
here.
[Princess screaming]
- [Pasha] Please help me.
Devora's crazy! She trapped me
in here!
[Pasha moans]
- Okay, okay. Just keep going.
Just keep going.
- [Pasha] Help me! [yells]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[light suspenseful music]
[Princess panting]
- Where the hell was this
earlier?
[engines revving]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
- [Devora] Hello, Lothar.
- Why are you answering Pasha's
phone?
Put my son on the line.
- [Devora] You don't remember
me, do you, Mr. Markovic?
If you want to see your son
again,
you better come and get him.
[Pasha grunting]
[saw whirring]
[suspenseful music]
[Bones panting]
[Bones yelling]
- No, no, no!
Stop, please stop!
[Bones screaming]
[Bones panting]
[light upbeat music]
- Stay down.
Wanna duet?
- Thought you'd never ask.
[Bones panting]
[Pasha grunting]
[light suspenseful music]
- [Princess] You motherfucker.
[suspenseful music]
That's a lot of guns.
- We need to warn Princess and
Bones.
- Then I guess we're going back
inside.
[suspenseful music continues]
[rapid beeping]
- C4?
- I mean, I see at least 16.
- No, it's a kind of explosive.
This place is wired to blow.
Stop talking and run!
[suspenseful music continues]
[bomb beeping faster]
[everyone gasping]
Guys, this place, this place,
is wired to...
- Explode!
- What? Why the fuck are you
back here?
- To save you assholes.
[light suspenseful music]
- [Pasha] No, no, no, no...
[light suspenseful music
continues]
[gun clicking]
[everyone gasping]
- Give me that bastard.
- No! Keep her away from me!
- [Princess] Devora Kasimer...
We're just like you. We're
ballerinas.
- Don't be stupid, you cannot
trust her.
- All we wanna do is dance.
- So did I.
- [Bones] Then give us
the chance you never had.
- [Pasha] No, my father, he is
very powerful.
He can help you.
- Men like your father
don't help girls like us.
Look what he did to Devora.
[Pasha grunting]
[guns firing]
- Tell your father to stop
shooting,
or I'll blow your head off!
- Papa, Papa!
Stop firing! Stop firing!
[Lothar yells in Hungarian]
[gun firing stops]
- Run, girls, this is my solo.
It's your chance.
[light regal music]
[Pasha whimpering]
[girls panting]
[explosives beeping]
- [Bones] Shit.
[light regal music continues]
[Devora grunting]
[Lothar laughing]
- What are you supposed to be?
- I was supposed to be
the Sugar Plum Fairy.
I was supposed to dance
in front of hundreds
and thousands of people,
including the Queen.
That is who I was supposed to
be.
[Pasha panting]
- [Pasha] Papa.
[light regal music continues]
- But none of that happened,
because you...
you, Lothar Markovic,
you took my leg.
[girls coughing]
[Bones panting]
[light upbeat music]
[light upbeat music continues]
- [Bones] Who else knows how to
ride?
- [Grace] I got this.
- [Bones] Let's dance.
[dreamy pop music]
♪ Rhythm in a dancer ♪
- Okay, okay.
- Get on, get on, get on.
[pants]
[music continues]
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
- You good?
- Yeah.
[engines revving]
Woo! [claps]
- Woo!
[laughing]
[horns beeping]
♪ It's a passion ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
[ballerina cheers]
[horn beeps]
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ People feel it everywhere ♪
♪ Lift your hands and voices ♪
♪ Free your mind and join us ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ It's a passion ♪
♪ You can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Rhythm is a dancer ♪
♪ It's a soul's companion ♪
♪ You can feel it
everywhere, oh ♪
[shoes clicking]
- Hi there, my friends and
I are late for check-in.
We're here to dance.
We're the Americans.
- [Bones] This way.
[Bones] For Miss Thorna.
- [girls] Miss Thorna.
[light uplifting music]
[light uplifting music
continues]
[uplifting music]
[uplifting music continues]
[upbeat music]
♪ Yeah, 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, 'cause
girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ What you know about living on
the top ♪
♪ Penthouse suites
looking down on the opps ♪
♪ Took him for a test
drive, left him on the lot ♪
♪ Time is money, so I
spent it on a watch ♪
♪ Hold on, little titties
showing through the white tee ♪
♪ You can see the thong bustin'
out my tight jeans, okay ♪
♪ Rocks on my fingers
like he wanna wife me ♪
♪ Got another shorty, she
ain't nothing like me, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, 'bout to catch
another flight, yeah ♪
♪ The apple bottom make him
wanna bite ♪
♪ I just wanna have
a good night ♪
♪ Hold up, if you don't
know, now you know ♪
♪ If he broke, then you gotta
let him go ♪
♪ You can have anybody, eeny,
miny, mo ♪
♪ 'Cause when you a boss,
you could do what you want ♪
[upbeat music continues]
♪ Yeah, 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, 'cause
girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ I'll go on and
on and on again ♪
♪ He blowing up my phone
but I'm ignoring him ♪
♪ He thinking he the one ♪
♪ I got like four of him ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm sitting first
class like valedictorian ♪
♪ Came a long way from rags to
riches ♪
♪ Five-Star, yeah, I taste so
delicious ♪
♪ Let him lick the plate ♪
♪ Yeah, I make him
do the dishes ♪
♪ Now he's on News 12 'cause
the bitch went missing ♪
♪ 'Bout to catch another flight,
yeah ♪
♪ Apple bottom make him wanna
bite ♪
♪ I just wanna have
a good night ♪
♪ Hold up, if you don't
know, now you know ♪
♪ If he broke, then you gotta
let him go ♪
♪ You can have anybody, eeny,
miny, mo ♪
♪ 'Cause when you a boss,
you could do what you want ♪
[upbeat music continues]
♪ Yeah, 'cause girls is players
too ♪
♪ And it's time that
we let 'em know that ♪
♪ Girls is players too ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
♪ Ladies gettin' money
all around the world ♪
♪ 'Cause girls is players too ♪
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]